---
layout: sidebar-right
title: "Sharing"
date: 2018-06-05
author: sophie-green
category: child-family-problems
excerpt: "Books to help children share their things with others."
breadcrumb: childrens-ya-books
---

To reserve any of the following books for children dealing with sibling rivalry to [your local library](/libraries/), click on the links to reserve them from our online catalogue, visit any of our libraries, or contact us on [01473 351249](tel:01473351249) or **help@suffolklibraries.co.uk**

You can [sign up for a library card online](/help/joining-the-library/) for free. You can sign your child up for a library card at any age.

## [<cite>That Fruit is Mine!</cite>, by Anuska Allepuz](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2352739)

> "Five goofy, greedy elephants are up against five teeny-tiny mice in this picture book parable for modern times. One day, deep in the jungle, five elephants discover a new tree - a tall tree - and, atop that tree, the most mouth-wateringly delicious fruit any of them had ever seen. 'MINE!' each elephant cries. 'Mine, mine, mine, mine, MINE!'

> "But who will get there first? And will the elephants spot the five tiny mice, planning and plotting, slowly approaching that tip-top branch?"

## [<cite>Mine!</cite>, by Emily Gravett](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1880786)

> "Bear and Hare have gone for a walk, but every nice thing they find on the way, Hare wants all for himself. He even gobbles up a lovely ice cream without offering a bite to his best friend. Can Bear teach Hare how to share?"

## [<cite>We Found a Hat</cite>, by Jon Klassen](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2197320)

> "Two turtles have found a hat. The hat looks good on both of them. But there are two turtles. And there is only one hat!"

## [<cite>Mine! Mine! Mine! Said the Porcupine</cite>, by Alex English & Emma Levey](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2103199)

> "Alfie has another unusual guest come to visit, a porcupine. Alfie suggests different games they can play, but the porcupine doesn't like to share! Alfie shows him different toys, but every time the porcupine shouts 'Mine!'"

## [<cite>Mine!</cite>, by Rachel Bright](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=64563)

> "How difficult is it to share when there's only one beloved Funny Bunny? Luckily for twins, Freddie and Frankie, Granny is on hand to show them a way to play together nicely that keeps everyone, including Funny Bunny, happy."

## [<cite>Mine!</cite>, by Sue Heap](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1853139)

> "Amy snuggles on her blankie with her three toys. 'I love you all,' she says, 'because we're together, and because you're MINE.' When Jack and Zak want to play and they grab Bear and Bunny, Amy grabs them back. 'MINE!' she says. When Baby Jo picks up Bird and kisses it, Amy takes it away. 'MINE!' she says.

> "But then she realises that what she's done has made Baby Jo very sad. He's all alone, without a toy, and suddenly Amy has a difficult decision to make. What will she do?"

## [<cite>Mine!</cite>, by Jerome Keane & Susana De Dios](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1716865)

> "Fox and Horse were bored. There was nothing to do as nothing had happened for a very long time. But then something did happen. A thing arrived. 'It's mine!' said Horse. 'It's mine!' said Fox.

> "One 'thing' between two characters? How is that going to work? Follow Horse and Fox as they eventually learn that playing together is best."

## [<cite>Elephant Learns to Share</cite>, by Sue Graves & Trevor Dunton](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2034724)

> "Elephant hates sharing anything, but when Gran gives him a bat and ball set, he finds it impossible to play by himself. He needs to find friends to play with, but will anyone want to join his game?"

## [<cite>Sharing a Shell</cite>, by Julia Donaldson & Lydia Monks](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1753539)

> "When a little hermit crab finds a shiny new shell he doesn't want to share it - not with a blobby purple anemone and a tickly bristleworm."

## [<cite>Ping and Pong are Best Friends (mostly)</cite>, by Tim Hopgood](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1323033)

> "Ping and Pong are a pair of penguins who love to do new things. But whatever Ping tries to do, Pong can do it better - Ping can squeak in French, Pong can squeak in nine different languages, Ping can catch a fish, Pong can catch a shark. Is there anything Ping can do best? Yes, he can be a best friend."

## [<cite>The Squirrels Who Squabbled</cite>, by Rachel Bright](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2315403)

> "Greedy squirrels Cyril and Bruce both have their sights on a very special prize: THE VERY LAST NUT OF THE SEASON! As the nut bounces crazily though the forest, the squirrels race after it, between the trees, over boulders, down the river and - ARGH! - right to the edge of a waterfall! Working together might be the only way to save themselves now..."

## [<cite>It's My Pond</cite>, by Claire Garralon & Sarah Ardizzone (trans.)](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2177156)

> "What happens when you want something so badly that you forget why you wanted it in the first place? Join yellow duck, white duck, red duck - ducks of every colour - as they discover how much more fun their pond is when they stop worrying about who owns it, and start sharing and playing in it together instead. Until a hippopotomus appears."
