---
layout: sidebar-right
title: "Bullying"
date: 2018-06-05
author: sophie-green
category: child-family-problems
excerpt: "Self-help books on recognising and tackling bullying."
breadcrumb: childrens-ya-books
meta-description: "Books to help your child deal with bullying, whether they are being picked on, verbally abused, or physically bullied."
---

<div class="{% include /c/generic-panel.html %}">

      <p>To reserve any of the following books for parents/carers and children dealing with bullying to <a href="/libraries/">your local library</a>, click on the links to reserve them from our online catalogue, visit any of our libraries, or contact us on <a href="tel:01473351249">01473 351249</a> or <strong>help@suffolklibraries.co.uk</strong></p>

      <p>You can <a href="/help/joining-the-library/">sign up for a library card online</a> for free. You can sign your child up for a library card at any age.</p>

</div>

See also: [Top titles about bullying for children and young adults for Anti Bullying Week](/health/lists/health-lists/anti-bullying-week/)

## [<cite>We're All Wonders</cite>, by R. J. Palacio](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2116427)

> "With over 5 million copies sold, [<cite>Wonder</cite>](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2102472) is a true modern classic, a life-changing read, and has inspired kindness and acceptance in countless readers. Now younger readers can discover the Wonder message with this gorgeous picture book, starring Auggie and his dog Daisy on an original adventure, written and illustrated by R.J. Palacio.

> "With spare, powerful text and richly-imagined illustrations, <cite>We’re All Wonders</cite> shows readers what it’s like to live in Auggie’s world - a world in which he feels like any other kid, but he’s not always seen that way."

## [<cite>Insults Aren't Funny: what to do about verbal bullying</cite>, by Amanda F. Doering & Simone Shin](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2022102)

> "Charlie the rabbit loves to play goalie on the football team. But when Charlie fails to block a goal, Francis the squirrel starts calling Charlie hurtful names. Young readers watch Charlie struggle with bullying and learn safe ways to make it stop."

## [<cite>Sometimes Jokes Aren't Funny: what to do about hidden bullying</cite>, by Amanda F. Doering & Simone Shin](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2022103)

> "Jamie, Bobby, and Harper have been going to scout camp since they were puppies. But when a new dog called Taylor joins their cabin, Taylor's mean jokes make Jamie feel left out and picked on. Watch as Jamie struggles with Taylor's bullying and learns safe ways to make it stop."

## [<cite>Pushing Isn't Funny: what to do about physical bullying</cite>, by Melissa Higgins & Simone Shin](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2000944)

> "Stevie is a raccoon who loves maths and the superhero Mighty Raccoon. But Stevie is getting physically bullied by Jean, a dog at school. Young readers watch Stevie struggle with bullying and learn safe ways to make it stop."

## [<cite>Teasing Isn't Funny: what to do about emotional bullying</cite>, by Melissa Higgins & Simone Shin](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2000943)

> "Jesse and Sam are the popular animals in school. They like to make fun of Nat the cat's fluffy fur at the bus stop. Watch as Nat struggles with Jesse and Sam's bullying and learns safe ways to make it stop."

## [<cite>Avocado Baby</cite>, by John Burningham](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1917401)

> "The Hargraves family want their new baby to grow up big and strong. But the puny mite will hardly eat a thing. One day Mrs Hargraves finds an avocado in the fruit bowl and the baby gobbles it up. Soon, the strangest things start to happen..."

## [<cite>Elmer and the Big Bird</cite>, by David McKee](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1346110)

> "One day, Elmer notices that there are no birds around. How strange! Soon he finds them hiding from the nasty bully bird in a nearby cave. The bully bird is mean and likes to frighten little birds. Led by Elmer, the animals work together to frighten off the bully - and succeed!"

## [<cite>Troll Stinks</cite>, by Jeanne Willis & Tony Ross](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2031157)

> "Billy Goat and his best friend Cyril are messing about with the farmer's mobile phone, taking selfies and playing games - until they find the number for a troll. Their Grandpa Gruff says trolls are bad, so Billy and Cyril decide to get their own back by sending mean messages. After all, trolls really do stink! Don't they?"

## [<cite>Bluebird</cite>, by Bob Staake](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1614854)

> "Readers will be captivated as they follow the journey of a bluebird as he develops a friendship with a young boy and ultimately risks his life to save the boy from harm. Both simple and evocative, this timeless and profound story will resonate with readers young and old."

## [<cite>Dinosaur Chase!</cite>, by Benedict Blathwayt](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=226043)

> "Fin is a dinosaur unlike any other - teased for his 'spindly little legs, bony tale and feeble fluffy arms'. But despite his odd appearance, when a gang of four big, bullying dinosaurs chase him into the woods, Fin outwits them one by one."

## [<cite>Dealing with Bullying</cite>, by Jane Lacey & Venitia Dean](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2488860)

> "Sometimes you can sort out a problem on your own. But sometimes you need to ask for help. This book helps young children to make this decision and find out about and understand bullying. It features seven case studies from children who have a range of bullying problems from a girl who is being left out by her friends to a boy bullied for the way he speaks. It features both verbal and physical bullying and the end of the book features a short playscript to act out and discuss."

## [<cite>Bullying</cite>, by Louise Spilsbury](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2402463)

> "Bullying can sadly affect many children and have a dramatic impact on their daily life. This hands-on picture book is designed to help children with their questions and feelings about tricky topics that can be hard to talk about. The exquisite and approachable illustrations give a comforting story book feel, particularly aimed at 5-7 year olds, while also appealing to both younger and older children. A perfect aid to help children open up and explore how they feel and give them steps they can take to help them cope."

## [<cite>Bully</cite>, by Laura Vaccaro Seeger](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1709716)

> "Bull doesn't have a kind word for any of his friends. When the other animals ask him to play, he responds in the way he's been taught: Chicken! Slow Coach! You stink! Until, that is, one of his friends decides to stand up to him, and makes him realise what a bully he's become."

## [<cite>I Walk with Vanessa: a story about a simple act of kindness</cite>, by Kerascoët](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2372720)

> "This simple yet powerful picture book tells the story of one girl who inspires a community to stand up to bullying. Inspired by real events, <cite>I Walk with Vanessa</cite> explores the feelings of helplessness and anger that arise in the wake of seeing a classmate treated badly, and shows how a single act of kindness can lead to an entire community joining in to help. With themes of acceptance, kindness, and strength in numbers, this timeless and profound feel-good story will resonate with readers young and old."

## [<cite>Take a Stand!</cite>, by Caroline Rowlands](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2549141)

> "This gloriously illustrated book will help young modern rebels find their inner hero. With quotes and stories from everyone from Abraham Lincoln to JK Rowling, <cite>Take A Stand</cite> is a fantastic collection of inspiration and activities. Readers can find out what heroes like Stephen Hawking, Martin Luther King Jr and Muhammad Ali would do in a range of challenging everyday situations featuring peer pressure, bullying, status anxiety, schoolwork and more. With life stories, quotes and advice from emancipated heroes, this is a liberating book to empower readers everywhere."

## [<cite>Cyberbullying</cite>, by Heather E. Schwartz](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2157099)

> "If a classmate sends threatening e-mails to you, do you know what to do? Don't worry if you don't. This book is here to help! Learn tech-savvy ways to keep bullies out of your technology without taking away all the fun!"

## [<cite>Dealing with Bullying</cite>, by Jane Lacey & Venitia Dean](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2188642)

> "Sometimes you can sort out a problem on your own. But sometimes you need to ask for help. This book helps young children to make this decision and find out about and understand bullying. It features seven case studies from children who have a range of bullying problems from a girl who is being left out by her friends to a boy bullied for the way he speaks. It features both verbal and physical bullying."

## [<cite>I Am Malala</cite>, by Malala Yousafzai](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1793902)

> "“Malala Yousafzai tells her story - from her childhood in the Swat Valley to her shooting, recovery and new life in England. She’s a girl who loves cricket, gossips with her best friends, and, on the day of the shooting, nearly overslept and missed an exam. A girl who saw women suddenly banned from public, schools blown up, the Taliban seize control, and her homeland descend into a state of fear and repression.

> "This is the story of her life and her passionate belief in every child’s right to education, her determination to make that a reality throughout the world and her hope to inspire others."

## [<cite>Say Hello</cite>, by Jack & Michael Foreman](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1048409)

> "Based on the author's childhood experience, this is the story of a boy who is left out and all alone, while other children play happily."

## [<cite>Willy the Wimp</cite>, by Anthony Browne](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1639721)

> "Willy wouldn't hurt a fly - he even apologises when someone hits him. The suburban gorillas call him Willy the Wimp. Then, one day, Willy answers a bodybuilding advertisement - with hilarious results!"

## [<cite>Tug of War</cite>, by Anthony Browne](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1367051)

> "Hare, Hippopotamus and Elephant live together, but not happily, for Hippopotamus and Elephant are forever teasing poor Hare. One day, Hare decides to teach his friends a lesson, and so the great tug of war begins."
