---
layout: sidebar-right
title: "ADHD"
date: 2018-06-05
author: sophie-green
category: child-family-problems
excerpt: "Advice on understanding and explaining ADHD."
breadcrumb: childrens-ya-books
meta-description: "Books to help with your child's attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)."
meta-title: "Books about ADHD"
---

<div class="{% include /c/generic-panel.html %}">

      <p>To reserve any of the following books for parents/carers and children dealing with ADHD to <a href="/libraries/">your local library</a>, click on the links to reserve them from our online catalogue, visit any of our libraries, or contact us on <a href="tel:01473351249">01473 351249</a> or <strong>help@suffolklibraries.co.uk</strong></p>

      <p>You can <a href="/help/joining-the-library/">sign up for a library card online</a> for free. You can sign your child up for a library card at any age.</p>

</div>

## [<cite>The Boy with the Butterfly Mind</cite>, by Victoria Williamson](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2614287)

> "Jamie just wants to be normal, but his ADHD doesn't make it easy. Elin just wants to be perfect, so that her dad will come back to live with her. When their two families blend, sparks fly. But perhaps there's no such thing as normal after all."

## [<cite>Joey Pigza Swallowed the Key</cite>, by Jack Gantos](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=250694)

> "Joey isn't a bad boy, he just can't sit still for more than a couple of minutes. If he thinks of something, he's just got to do it, like putting his fingers in the pencil sharpener or swallowing his key!"

## [<cite>Check Mates</cite>, by Stewart Foster](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2564715)

> "Felix is struggling at school. His ADHD makes it hard for him to concentrate and his grades are slipping. Everyone keeps telling him to try harder, but no one seems to understand just how hard he finds it.

> "When Mum suggests Felix spends time with his grandfather, Felix can't think of anything worse. Granddad hasn't been the same since Grandma died. Plus he's always trying to teach Felix boring chess. But sometimes the best lessons come in the most unexpected of places, and Granddad soon shows Felix that there's everything to play for."

## [<cite>The Classroom Mystery: a book about ADHD</cite>, by Tracy Packiam Alloway & Ana Sanfelippo](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2584147)

> "Someone has stolen Snowball's rabbit food! Izzy is finding it hard to concentrate - all she can think about is solving the mystery. Can she use her SEN superpowers to find the thief?

> "The SEN Superpowers series celebrates the positive traits associated with common Special Educational Needs (SEN). This story will help children understand and cope with ADHD."

## [<cite>Marley and the Monkey (a book about ADHD)</cite>, by Holly Duhig & Drue Rintoul](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2424976)

> "These illustrated titles look at our emotions through a series of original stories. Early years readers will love these tales of exploring and embracing common emotions."

## [<cite>All Dogs Have ADHD</cite>, by Kathy Hoopmann](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1787847)

> "Kathy Hoopmann takes an inspiring and affectionate look at attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), using images and ideas from the canine world to explore a variety of traits that will be instantly recognisable to those who are familiar with ADHD."

## [<cite>A Book About ADHD</cite>, by Holly Duhig](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2425257)

> "This informative and supportive series explores in detail some common mental health issues affecting the lives of children today. Working to tackle and destigmatise mental health issues, these creative and factual titles explore common mental health conditions, and what living with them is like."

## [<cite>You're So Clumsy Charley: having dyspraxia, dyslexia, ADHD, Asperger's or autism does not make you stupid</cite>, by Jane Binnion](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2136707)

> "Charley always seemed to get into trouble, though he didn't mean to. He was getting fed up of going to school, because he felt different than most of the other kids. Then he met Aunty Bella and everything changed."

## [<cite>Putting on the Brakes: understanding and taking control of your ADD or ADHD</cite>, by Patricia O. Quinn & Judith M. Stern](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1955228)

> "Written by two nationally recognized ADHD experts, <cite>Putting on the Brakes</cite> is loaded with practical ways to improve organizational, focusing, studying, and homework skills and contains more strategies for making friends, controlling emotions, and being healthy. This book gives kids with ADHD the tools for success in and out of school and helps them to feel empowered to be the best they can be!"

## [<cite>Can I Tell You About ADHD?: a guide for friends, family and professionals</cite>, by Susan Yarney & Chris Martin](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1299990)

> "Suitable for young people aged seven and upwards, as well as parents, friends, teachers and professionals working with children with ADHD, this book can be a starting point for family and classroom discussions. It offers simple introductions to a range of limiting conditions."

## [<cite>ADHD: living without brakes</cite>, by Martin L. Kutscher & Douglas Puder](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=670963)

> "Realistic and optimistic, this book is the ideal source of information and advice for parents and professionals who are trying to keep up with children who are living without brakes."

## [<cite>Zak has ADHD</cite>, by Jenny Leigh](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1441554)

> "Poor Zak the Zebra! He's naughty, rude and unpopular - but all he wants to be is just like the other children. So when Doctor Spot and his friends are brought in to help, they find he has ADHD - attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Soon, Zak is winning gold stars for his behaviour - and making new friends!"

## [<cite>ADHD: the essential guide</cite>, by Diane Paul](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=530969)

> "Does your child have frequent temper tantrums? Are they always fidgeting, running around screaming or falling over? This action guides you step-by-step through the action you need to take, giving you answers to all the essential questions."

## [<cite>Winston Wallaby Can't Stop Bouncing: what to do about hyperactivity in children including those with ADHD, SPD and ASD</cite>, by K. I. Al-Ghani, Joy Beaney & Haitham Al-Ghani](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2292469)

> "This illustrated storybook explains hyperactivity through the story of Winston Wallaby and his uncontrollable bouncing at school. It allows children with ADHD, SPD & ASD to recognise and support their additional sensory needs. A helpful introduction for parents/carers and appendices with strategies to be used at home and in school are included."
