---
layout: sidebar-right
title: "Dyslexia"
date: 2018-06-05
author: sophie-green
category: child-family-problems
excerpt: "Information and advice on Dyslexia."
breadcrumb: childrens-ya-books
---

To reserve any of the following books for parents/carers and/or children dealing with dyslexia to [your local library](/libraries/), click on the links to reserve them from our online catalogue, visit any of our libraries, or contact us on [01473 351249](tel:01473351249) or **help@suffolklibraries.co.uk**

You can [sign up for a library card online](/help/joining-the-library/) for free. You can sign your child up for a library card at any age.

See also: [Dyslexia and Irlen syndome information](/parents-carers-and-children/dyslexia-irlen/)

## [<cite>Brian Has Dyslexia</cite>, by Jenny Leigh](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1441558)

> "Brian Bear thinks he's stupid because he makes mistakes with his letters and words and can't tell his right from his left. But Dr Spot and a specialist teacher help him understand that there is nothing 'wrong' with him - he just has dyslexia. Soon, Brian is back on top form."

## [<cite>Hank Zipzer, the World's Greatest Underachiever and the Crazy Classroom Cascade</cite>, by Henry Winkler & Lin Oliver](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=376427)

The first in a brilliant series.

> "According to ten-year-old Hank Zipzer, there are many reasons why he shouldn't have to do homework: every pen he owns has run out of ink; his thoughts are controlled by alien beings; he's allergic to lined paper - or could it just be that Hank has dyslexia and doesn't want to look stupid?"

## [<cite>Dyslexia: a parents' guide to dyslexia, dyspraxia and other learning difficulties</cite>, by Valerie Muter & Helen Likierman](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=194847)

> "This is a hands-on guide for parents that will help them to identify and manage their child's learning difficulties."

## [<cite>You're So Clumsey Charley: having dyspraxia, dyslexia, ADHD, Asperger's or autism does not make you stupid</cite>, by Jane Binnion](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2136707)

> "Charley always seemed to get into trouble, though he didn't mean to. He was getting fed up of going to school, because he felt different than most of the other kids. Then he met Aunty Bella and everything changed."

## [<cite>Dyslexia and Other Learning Difficulties: the essential guide</cite>, by Maria Chivers](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=530944)

> "This guide takes you step-by-step through diagnosis, treatment, education and into career options. Up-to-the-minute facts and practical advice enable you to pinpoint exactly what is wrong with your child, communicate with teachers, assess your child's rights and choose the right education."

## [<cite>Learning Disabilities in a Nutshell: dyslexia, dysgraphia, dyscalculia, dyspraxia</cite>, by Swaroop Rawal](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1354393)

> "The aim of this book is to help to bridge the gap between research and practice in the field of learning disability. It is written for all the learning disabled children, their teachers, parents and siblings."

## [<cite>The Self-help Guide for Teens with Dyslexia: useful stuff you may not learn at school</cite>, by Alais Winton](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1801019)

> "Offering solutions to common problems students with dyslexia face, college tutor Alais Winton describes tried-and-tested techniques for succeeding with reading, spelling, memorising information and time management, as well as a simple method to ensure learning tools (such as pencils and books) are never misplaced again.

> "The strategies are ideal for use in the run-up to exams, helping young learners to become more organised, less stressed and better prepared."

## [<cite>I Spy a Great Reader: how to unlock the literacy secret and get your child hooked on books</cite>, by Jackie French](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1836943)

> "Award-winning author Jackie French knows what it is to struggle with reading and literacy. Drawing on her own experience with dyslexia, Jackie has written this book to help parents identify the possible reading difficulties their children may have. All children learn differently, and Jackie offers many fun and rewarding ways to help launch your child into literacy. These include games for co-ordination, concentration and focus as well as helpful steps to kickstart your child into reading and to foster a life-long love of books."

## [<cite>Can I Tell You About Dyslexia? A guide for friends, family and professionals</cite>, by Alan M. Hultquist & Bill Tulp](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1453194)

> "Meet Zoe - a young girl with dyslexia. Zoe invites readers to learn about dyslexia from her perspective. She helps readers to understand the challenges faced by a child with dyslexia, explaining what dyslexia is and how it affects her at home and at school. Zoe describes exactly why she finds reading, writing and words so difficult, and how other people can help her in these areas.

> "This illustrated book is ideally suited for readers aged 7 and upwards, and will be an excellent way to start a discussion about dyslexia, in the classroom or at home."

## [<cite>Help! My Child has Dyslexia: a practical guide for parents</cite>, by Judy Hornigold](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=399158)

> "Judy Hornigold writes with knowledge and understanding of the challenges of dyslexia and of the ways in which parents can help and support their child."

## [<cite>I Know Someone with Dyslexia</cite>, by Sue Barraclough](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=359896)

> "This series presents common behavioural and physiological health issues in a simple and inclusive way. It demystifies common health issues and also helps afflicted children feel as though they aren't alone."

## [<cite>Words Get Knotted</cite>, by Pippa Sweeney](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1248735)

> "This charming book aims to empower children with dyslexia to recognise and understand their own difficulties and by sharing it with friends and family help them to understand too."

## [<cite>Dyslexia: a complete guide for parents and those who help them</cite>, by Gavin Reid](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=319888)

> "Gavin Reid addresses the concerns of parents of dyslexic children in this book. He describes the identification and assessment processes used by schools and education authorities, as well as the different agencies that support dyslexic children."

## [<cite>How to Help your Dyslexic and Dyspraxic Child: a practical guide for parents</cite>, by Sally McKeown](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=390789)

> "This text provides parents with information about dyslexia and dyspraxia and gives them practical ways to help their child, from understanding and recognizing the symptoms to getting support from schools and other networks."
