_libraries/haverhill-library.md, before:

---
branch-unique-id: haverhill-library
branch-name: Haverhill Library
branch-image: /images/branches/haverhill-library.jpg
branch-monday-hours: 0900 – 1300
branch-tuesday-hours:	0900 – 1900
branch-wednesday-hours: 0900 – 1300, 1600 – 1800
branch-thursday-hours: 0900 – 1900
branch-friday-hours: 0900 – 1700
branch-saturday-hours: 0900 – 1630
branch-sunday-hours: 1000 – 1600
branch-manager: Sanphra Willmott
branch-address: Camps Road, Haverhill
branch-post-code: CB9 8HB
branch-tel: 01440 702638
branch-friends: Friends of Haverhill Library
branch-social-media: y
branch-twitter: haverhillibrary
branch-facebook: Haverhill-Library-Suffolk-202854396546832
branch-pinterest: haverhillibrary
branch-accessibility: http://www.disabledgo.com/access-guide/suffolk-county-council/haverhill-library-2
branch-parking: available for disabled customers and deliveries only
branch-bookdrop: y
branch-toilet: y
branch-refreshments: café open 1000-1600 on weekdays
branch-wifi: y
branch-netloan: old
branch-colour-printing: available
branch-photocopying: available
branch-scan-to-email: y
branch-room-hire: /libraries/room-hire/haverhill-library
branch-display-space: Small table top/banner display spaces available in the foyer and library, glass display cabinet and large display board available in the library
breadcrumb: y
branch-news: "<p>Please note that due to essential building works, there will be <strong>no vehicular access to the front entrance of the library/café</strong> for 2-3 weeks from Monday 24 April.</p>
<p>Disabled customers are asked to park in the disabled bays in the Burton Centre staff car park, accessed via Lower Down Slade.</p>
<p>All customers are advised to be mindful of scaffolding, building works and contractors' vehicles on site.</p>"
---

Commit message:

Added Haverhill autism guide and some autism guide meta to library layout

_libraries/haverhill-library.md, after:

---
branch-unique-id: haverhill-library
branch-name: Haverhill Library
branch-image: /images/branches/haverhill-library.jpg
branch-monday-hours: 0900 – 1300
branch-tuesday-hours:	0900 – 1900
branch-wednesday-hours: 0900 – 1300, 1600 – 1800
branch-thursday-hours: 0900 – 1900
branch-friday-hours: 0900 – 1700
branch-saturday-hours: 0900 – 1630
branch-sunday-hours: 1000 – 1600
branch-manager: Sanphra Willmott
branch-address: Camps Road, Haverhill
branch-post-code: CB9 8HB
branch-tel: 01440 702638
branch-friends: Friends of Haverhill Library
branch-social-media: y
branch-twitter: haverhillibrary
branch-facebook: Haverhill-Library-Suffolk-202854396546832
branch-pinterest: haverhillibrary
branch-accessibility: http://www.disabledgo.com/access-guide/suffolk-county-council/haverhill-library-2
branch-autism-guide: true
branch-parking: available for disabled customers and deliveries only
branch-bookdrop: y
branch-toilet: y
branch-refreshments: café open 1000-1600 on weekdays
branch-wifi: y
branch-netloan: old
branch-colour-printing: available
branch-photocopying: available
branch-scan-to-email: y
branch-room-hire: /libraries/room-hire/haverhill-library
branch-display-space: Small table top/banner display spaces available in the foyer and library, glass display cabinet and large display board available in the library
breadcrumb: y
branch-news: "<ul><li><strong>No vehicular access to the front entrance of the library/café</strong> for 2-3 weeks from Mon 24 April due to essential building works</li><li>Disabled customers can park in the disabled bays in the Burton Centre staff car park, accessed via Lower Down Slade.</li><li>Scaffolding, building works and contractors' vehicles on site.</li></ul>"
---
