---
layout: sidebar-right
title: "Summer Reading Challenge a success again in Suffolk Libraries"
date: 2018-09-25
author: james-powell
category: news
excerpt: "Thousands of children across Suffolk have been collecting their certificates and medals from libraries after completing this year’s Summer Reading Challenge."
featured-image: /images/featured/featured-haverhill-src-2018.jpg
featured-alt: "Children at Haverhill Library receive their Summer Reading Challenge certificates and medals from Mayor Tony Brown and library manager Audrey Woodley."
breadcrumb: news
---

{% include /c/figure.html alt="Children at Haverhill Library receive their Summer Reading Challenge certificates and medals from Mayor Tony Brown and library manager Audrey Woodley." src="/images/featured/featured-haverhill-src-2018.jpg" caption="Children at Haverhill Library receive their Summer Reading Challenge certificates and medals from Mayor Tony Brown and library manager Audrey Woodley." %}

Thousands of children across Suffolk have been collecting their certificates and medals from libraries after completing this year’s Summer Reading Challenge.

Over 7,400 children took part in the county’s libraries over the summer, reading nearly 78,000 books.

The Summer Reading Challenge is the UK’s biggest literacy campaign and challenges children to read six books during the summer holidays to keep up their reading skills. Organised by the Reading Agency and run by libraries, it’s also a great way to introduce children to the colourful and wonderful world of books.

{% include /c/figure.html alt="Children at Needham Market Library receive their Summer Reading Challenge certificates and medals from Deputy Mayor Steve Phillips and library manager Donna Grand." src="/images/featured/featured-needham-src-2018.jpg" caption="Children at Needham Market Library receive their Summer Reading Challenge certificates and medals from Deputy Mayor Steve Phillips and library manager Donna Grand." %}

It can also be a great way to introduce them to the library, with over 2,000 children signing up for their first library card in Suffolk this summer. Sample surveys by library staff have also revealed that taking part in the Summer Reading Challenge increased children’s enjoyment of reading.

The theme this year was 'Mischief Makers'. Libraries celebrated 80 years of the <cite>Beano</cite> with plenty of <cite>Beano</cite>-themed activities and visits from Dennis the Menace. Every child who completes the challenge and reads all six books receives a medal and certificate.

Krystal Vittles, head of service delivery at Suffolk Libraries, said: “The Summer Reading Challenge continues to be a hugely successful and important campaign which offers a fun way of encouraging children to keep up their reading so they don’t fall behind during the summer. Our staff and volunteers have done a fantastic job running activities and supporting the challenge once again.”

Olivia, aged 10, said: "I really enjoyed the whole challenge because it makes me feel like a better reader for when I go back to school. I think it is a good idea to read six books because it’s not too many."

One parent said: "The Summer Reading Challenge has been a great way to keep Alice reading all summer. As a consequence she’s read ten chapter books in 5 weeks!"

[Watch children at Aldeburgh Library receive their Summer Reading Challenge certificates and medals &rarr;](http://www.eadt.co.uk/news/aldeburgh-reading-challenge-presentation-1-5681561)
