---
layout: sidebar-right
title: "New video streaming service available through Suffolk Libraries"
date: 2019-08-06
author: hannah-foulstone
category: news
excerpt: "Suffolk Libraries has expanded its eLibrary service with a new digital streaming platform, Kanopy."
breadcrumb: news
---

Suffolk Libraries has expanded its [eLibrary](/elibrary/) service with a new digital streaming platform, [Kanopy](/elibrary/kanopy/).

Kanopy gives library members access to a range of classic, independent and world cinema films and documentaries, as well as some video-based learning courses. You can access up to 10 videos a month for free with your Suffolk Libraries card.

Kanopy is a paradise for film buffs. It offers recent critically-acclaimed features such as 70s-style noir thriller <cite>Night Moves</cite>, starring Jesse Eisenberg, which was nominated for the Golden Lion at Venice Film Festival, and psychological drama <cite>James White</cite> which has been nominated for three Film Independent Spirit Awards. Its range of classic films includes <cite>The Gold Rush</cite> (1925) the original <cite>A Star is Born</cite> (1976) and <cite>Little Shop of Horrors</cite> (1986).

Kanopy also offers over 3,000 feature-length in-depth documentaries on a wide variety of subjects including politics, war, history, social issues and identity. It also offers nearly 1,000 different instructional films and lessons to improve your skills in cooking, hair and beauty, massage, health and safety, library management and much more.

For parents, the 'Kanopy Kids' feature offers unlimited watches for children, with appropriate content and parental controls.

Paul Howarth, head of content & product development at Suffolk Libraries, said: "Suffolk Libraries is incredibly excited to add this new product to our suite of digital services. The content available on Kanopy, with its mix of independent and world cinema alongside thought-provoking documentaries and courses, fits perfectly with the role of libraries as stimulating places where people can discover new cultural experiences and knowledge."

[Find out more and set up Kanopy &rarr;](/elibrary/kanopy/)
