---
layout: sidebar-right
title: "Bullying"
date: 2018-06-05
author: sophie-green
category: parents-carers-collection
excerpt: "A list of books for children dealing with bullying."
breadcrumb: childrens-ya-books
---

To reserve any of the following books for children dealing with bullying to [your local library](/libraries/), click on the links to reserve them from our online catalogue, visit any of our libraries, or contact us on [01473 351249](tel:01473351249) or **help@suffolklibraries.co.uk**

You can [sign up for a library card online](/help/joining-the-library/) for free. You can sign your child up for a library card at any age.

See also: [Top titles about bullying for children and young adults for Anti Bullying Week 2016](/health/lists/health-lists/anti-bullying-week/)

## [<cite>Bullies, Cyberbullies and Frenemies</cite>, by Michele Elliott](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1283288)

> "Are there practical things you can do to stop being bullied - at home, at school and online? What are frenemies and how can you deal with them? How can you learn to make friends and respect yourself? This guide will tell you what bullying is, where it happens, and what you can do about it."

## [<cite>Bullying</cite>, by Michele Elliott](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=317777)

> "The Wise Guide provides tips on how to respond to the bully, who to go to if you need help, how to make real friends who respect you and, if you see yourself becoming a bully, how to stop. Finally, it shows you how to get your self-esteem back when the bullying has ended."

## [<cite>Bullies, Bigmouths and So-called Friends</cite>, by Jenny Alexander](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=321435)

> "Most books about bullying tell children how to act without addressing how they feel. But the usual advice to 'ignore it' or 'say something smart' is doomed to fail, as you can't act brave if you feel stressed. Jenny Alexander's approach is to develop readers' psychological defences."

## [<cite>Bully Busting: how to help children deal with teasing and bullying</cite>, by Evelyn M. Field](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=588036)

> "This practical guide aims to help children overcome the damaging effects of teasing and bullying, and to develop understandings and skills which can be used throughout their lives."

## [<cite>I Feel Bullied</cite>, by Jen Green & Mike Gordon](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=152243)

> "Describing what it feels like to be bullied, this is a book for young children. It covers the various forms bullying can take, including physical violence, name-calling, and intimidation, and suggests ways to deal with bullies."

## [<cite>Stop Picking on Me</cite>, by Pat Thomas & Lesley Harker](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=145430)

> "<cite>Stop Picking on Me</cite> looks at the causes and effects of both physical and verbal bullying and encourages communication of fears and worries to those that can help."

## [<cite>Talking About Bullying</cite>, by Bruce Sanders](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=111800)

> "Bullying leads to fear and anxiety - it can happen in the home, school or workplace. This text describes what bullying is, how to deal with it and why some people become bullied."

## [<cite>Say Hello</cite>, by Jack & Michael Foreman](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1048409)

> "Based on the author's childhood experience, this is the story of a boy who is left out and all alone, while other children play happily."

## [<cite>Willy the Wimp</cite>, by Anthony Browne](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1639721)

> "Willy wouldn't hurt a fly - he even apologises when someone hits him. The suburban gorillas call him Willy the Wimp. Then, one day, Willy answers a bodybuilding advertisement - with hilarious results!"

## [<cite>Tug of War</cite>, by Anthony Browne](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1367051)

> "Hare, Hippopotamus and Elephant live together, but not happily, for Hippopotamus and Elephant are forever teasing poor Hare. One day, Hare decides to teach his friends a lesson, and so the great tug of war begins."
