---
layout: sidebar-right
title: "Tantrums"
date: 2018-06-05
author: sophie-green
category: parents-carers-collection
excerpt: "A list of books for parents/carers and children dealing with tantrums."
breadcrumb: childrens-ya-books
---

To reserve any of the following books for parents/carers and children dealing with tantrums to [your local library](/libraries/), click on the links to reserve them from our online catalogue, visit any of our libraries, or contact us on [01473 351249](tel:01473351249) or **help@suffolklibraries.co.uk**

You can [sign up for a library card online](/help/joining-the-library/) for free. You can sign your child up for a library card at any age.

## [<cite>Elephantantrum!</cite>, by Gillian Shields & Cally Johnson-Isaacs](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1365763)

> "There's tears and tantrums in this humorous picture book when Ellie is tired of playing with her toys. Ellie has everything, but she wants more. She wants an elephant. And she won't eat or sleep or brush her hair until she gets one!"

## [<cite>Marvin Gets MAD!</cite>, by Joseph Theobold](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1041072)

> "One perfect morning Molly eats the very apple that Marvin had his eye on. Marvin is cross and has a terrible tantrum, rampaging through the countryside, causing chaos. Who will be able to calm Marvin down and tease him out of his tantrum? Will he be able to do it by himself or will he need some help?"

## [<cite>The Toddler Manual</cite>, by Ian Banks](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=373535)

> "Many toddler tantrums can be avoided once you understand why they happen. This title helps to enjoy this exciting (and sometimes hilarious) phase of growing up."

## [<cite>Fergal is Fuming!</cite>, by Robert Starling](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2336912)

> "A dragon with a short temper is not a good combination, as Fergal's family and friends soon find out. He burns the dinner (literally), reduces the football goal to ashes and absolutely cannot play a nice, quiet board game.

> "It is only when he starts to notice other animals have clever tricks to calm down that Fergal begins to win back his friends, especially when he discovers dragons can cool off in a very handy way."

## [<cite>The Calm and Happy Toddler: gentle solutions to tantrums, night waking, potty training and more</cite>, by Rebecca Chicot](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1867670)

> "Child development expert Dr Rebecca Chicot shares with you the secrets to calm and stress-free toddler parenting. Based on her unique parent-toddler approach, she reveals that by understanding how your toddler thinks and what changes they are going through, you can respond with confidence and stop sweating the small stuff."

## [<cite>Pom Pom Gets the Grumps</cite>, by Sophy Henn](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1731835)

> "In a fresh and funny new take on toddler tantrums, this book introduces Sophy Henn's new character, Pom Pom Panda. When he wakes up in a BAD mood one morning, nothing is right. And then things go from bad to worse."

## [<cite>The Big Bad Mood</cite>, by Tom Jamieson & Olga Demidova](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=2160769)

> "George's mum says there's a Big Bad Mood hanging around him, but George has never seen a Big Bad Mood. That is, until today.

> "A gloriously clever tale about tempers, tantrums and making amends."

## [<cite>Betty Goes Bananas in her Pyjamas</cite>, by Steve Antony](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1767975)

> "Meet Betty, a baby gorilla. When it's time for Betty to go to bed she will do almost anything to stay up! Families everywhere will laugh out loud at Betty's brilliantly observed bedtime tantrums in this picture book."

## [<cite>No!</cite>, by Tracey Corderoy & Tim Warnes](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1394344)

> "A hilarious tale that's perfect for parents whose toddler may be over-using the word 'no!' and finding themselves suddenly tackling tantrums. The cheeky, charming Archie will win the hearts of children and parents alike."

## [<cite>Tiger has a Tantrum</cite>, by Sue Graves](https://suffolk.spydus.co.uk/cgi-bin/spydus.exe/ENQ/OPAC/BIBENQ?BRN=1565170)

> "Tiger is in a terrible mood. He has been angry with everyone all day. Then Monkey accidentally chooses the book that Tiger wanted and Tiger has a full blown tantrum in the library. How can Miss Bird help Tiger to manage his anger, and how can he make up with his friends?"
